Update Contributing.md after removing markdowns from this repo (#139)
deepset-ai/haystack-tutorials: Contributing.md

   - Follow the outline in the template as you create the tutorial.
   - After the tutorial is complete, add necessary information to [index.toml](/index.toml). Here, `weight` is the order in which your tutorial appears. For example, a tutorial with `weight = 15` comes after a tutorial with `weight = 10` and before `20`. Each tutorial comes with a Google Colab link and `Open in Colab` button on the top of the tutorial by default. If your new tutorial cannot be run on Google Colab, set `colab = false` not to display `Open in Colab` button on top the tutorial.
3. If you're **editing** an existing tutorial:
   - Make necessary changes in the `.ipynb` file of the tutorial and save them.
4. Create a pull request.
5. Wait for the [CI](#ci-continuous-integration) checks to pass.
6. Update the [README](./README.md), if necessary.
7. Wait for a review and merge 🎉. Thank you for contributing 💙.

## Slugs

> By default, the name of each tutorial is also the location at which the tutorial will appear on the website. For example, "01_Basic_QA_Pipeline" will be on https://haystack.deepset.ai/tutorials/01_basic_qa_pipeline.

Reviewer: Should we say: .. the name of each tutorial becomes the slug of its page on on the website.

> In `index.toml` you have the option of adding an optional `slug` entry for a tutorial to give a different location than its full name. Adding a slug is also useful for scenarios where you are updating a tutorial to the point where it makes sense that the name of the `.ipynb` file changes, but you would still like people to access the tutorial on the same URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In `index.toml`,  you can optionally add a `slug` entry for a tutorial to use a custom slug. Adding a slug is also useful if you're updating a tutorial to the point where it makes sense for the name of the `.ipynb` file to change, but you still want people to access the tutorial under the same URL.
```
